Feedback 1 - The Tenanant should be able to Lodge a complaint, Make a request
Feedback 2 - Payment can be againt invoices or generic rent payment that's logged as credits. Enable this feature in RentIt Portal
Feedback 3 - User should be able to submit the Rent payment and Invoice payment for approval. Update the neccssary permissions and update the Portal to enable this facility.
Feedback 4 - A Task must be created for any payment overdue and payment unpaid. And the user must be notified over email about the arrers using 2 different templates. 
Feedback 5 - The user is unable to logout. The portal logout function is not actually logging them out and taking them to login in screen, instead it takes them to standard empleyee login screen without logging the user out
Feedback 6 - When the Portal/External user user is created and is linked with an Acitve Tenancy, the user must be added to the RentIt_Community_Tenants and assigned a permission set RentIt_Tenant
Feedback 7 - Maintenace and Complaint are both similar type. Merge it to one tab with a simple generic name. They can be subtabs or dropdowns or anything inside that one tab to make it better
Feedback 8 - Similarly the Make payment and Payment history, can have sub tabs or expandable sections to minimize the initial load. All payment related things can be handled under that one tab
Feedback 9 - All the invoices are dumped in one area. Similar to the payment history, they can be categorized using the invoice type and status.
Feedback 10 - The active tab in header should be highlighted when clicked
Feedback 11 - The failities in My Tenancy should be available as Pills or some nice design
Feedback 12 - The tenants should also be able to view their Contract infomation but not edit any
Feedback 13 - The Rent on the My Tenancy should come from Contract
Feedback 14 - The Address information should come from the property
Feedback 15 - On click of View Profile, the user should see his own Contact and user information instead of My Tenancy
Feedback 16 - The entire Contract should be visible to the Portal user including the document attached
Feedback 17 - Best to Isolate the Contract in a new page, with attachments in a Collapsible section
Feedback 18 - The Invoice number on Invoices tab should be clickable with Discont applied checkbox if there is any Applied_Discount__c on the invoice
Feedback 19 - On click of the Invoice number, in the same page the Invoice detail including the discount information in a Collapsible section if there is any discount applied should be visible with an option to go back to the list view with a small back arrow button
Feedback 20 - The same for the Payments as well. Also replace the Reference in the Payment list view to Payment Name. The payments should also show the attachment in a Collapsible section same as Contract
Feedback 21 - On the 'Invoice Payment' of Payments, if the user choses and invoice or switches to another invoice, then the Fiedl values on 'Make a Payment' must be updated as per the selected Invoice and Makes the amount field Read-only
Feedback 22 - While the Invoice is Defaulted on the 'Invoice Payment', if the user swiches to another invoice, then the Field values (Amount) must be updated as per the selected Invoice
Feedback 23 - If the Portal user manually switches the Prefilled 'Invoice payment' to General Payment, the Invoice related values should be cleared and Filled in again when switched back
Feedback 24 - 'Make a Payment' button on the Invoice Detail in Invoices must not be visible for the paid invoices
Feedback 25 - When 'Make a Payment' button on the Invoice Detail in Invoices when selected via invoice navigates the user to 'Invoice payment' section in 'Make a Payment'
Feedback 26 - On the Invoice Details in Invoices tab, dynamically include the Actual amount and Discount Amount applied if there are any discount. Dynamically remove the GST amount if there is none
Feedback 27 - On the Invoices tab, The spinner is visible below the 'TYPE' choices! Instead, it must be below the 'TYPE' selection
Feedback 28 - Discount Details should also highlight the discount period and how many days among that period is the invoice covered
Feedback 29 - The Discount Details section should be a very little bit darker, similar color as the Invoice List Table header
Feedback 30 - 'My Tenancy' tab doesn't dislay spinner when loading. It should display spinner while loading instead of 'No active tenancy found.'
Feedback 31 - 'Make a Payment' has lot of width space left. Make use of the space also make the form look better in Landscape and portait view
Feedback 32 - The Notices should display all Current and Actioned notices
Feedback 32 - The Notices should also display different type filters Applicable for tenants
